Finally friends, ICICI LBT General Insurance
Company Ltd has disclosed its Quarter 2 numbers.
How have its
quarter two numbers been?  Let's discuss in detail.
Rest, if we talk about the
amount, then basically the amount is given
in these rupees lax.  You will see that
we will talk about revenue total income.
This time what we have seen
in this quarter is around Rs 6582
crore, whereas in the previous quarter you
will see Rs 683 crore and if we talk about the previous year's
quarter,
you got to see a total income of Rs 5850 crore.  There is a
quarterly and yearly jump in total income.
There you will see that its
other income has also
increased on quarterly and yearly basis.  And the
investment income that we have
seen falling on a quarterly basis has
increased on an annual basis.  If we talk about it, the
income earned from premium has been increasing on
quarterly and
yearly basis if you see
and here the gross premium
of the company has also fallen quarterly wise
which has increased a bit yearly.  If we
talk about the total expenses of the company, that is, the
expenses which we have seen this time are Rs
5830 crore, whereas
in the previous quarter it was Rs 5429 crore and if
you look at the previous year's quarter, the expenses were Rs 5186 crore.
So, the
expenses of the company have been seen increasing on quarterly and yearly basis.  If we
talk about the
profit this time, then you will see the profit for the
period after tax which has been ₹
819 crore, ₹747 crore in the previous quarter
and ₹693 crore in the current year quarter. There has been
growth in profit revenue.
You have seen growth in quarterly and yearly profit.
We have seen a significant growth.  There you will
see the EPS of ₹16.49,
₹15.6 in the previous quarter and ₹14.5 in the previous year's quarter.
We have also seen growth in quarterly and yearly EPS
and you will see some notes about it which
we got to see in the further announcement.
We have not seen any other important announcement.  If you
liked the video, please share it.  If you have
n't subscribed to the channel yet, you can subscribe and
continue.  Thank you.